Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/user_management/customer_center/customer_center_faq.md

## How can I add the customer center actions into user menu?

> Refer to [How to user menu is build?](../../customers/customers_faq.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [How the user menu is build?](../../customers/customers_faq.md)
```

> Refer to [How to user menu is build?](../../customers/customers_faq.md)

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to [How the user menu is built?](../../customers/customers_faq.md)
```
